Your students will come back in this lecture.
Here we're going to be adding a dynamic name user name to this right hand side right here to this link.
We're going to be basically doing the same thing we did here but here we are going to be doing it right
now.
So pay very close attention.
This is going to be a great thing to do because you can apply this to any of your pages.
Right.
So let's go ahead and personalizes a little more.
So I'm going to go ahead and open our brackets.
We need to go to where that link is.
All right.
This name we need to replace it with some BHB right.
So let's go and do that.
So go to admin and then here we get to see where we place that.
Let's go to includes And let me just make this a little bigger there so you can see it.
Admen navigation that's where that is.
So I'm going to double click it because I want to open up here in the working files.
And let's also go.
Let me just minimize this or close it.
I'm going to go to includes in the root directory and Logan double click on that.
The reason is because I want to show you something here.
This is why we are going here.
As you can see we set some sessions before and we are going to use it now so we're going to be using
that user name session.
All right.
So that's what I want you to see.
Let's go to navigations right now in here.
Mine's on my online dating I don't know where yours is but you can see that we have Joe Smith right
here.
All right.
So this is the link right here.
This is the last item right.
And this last item has some custom attributes right here from Bootstrap data tol'able.
This is in charge of actually activating javascript so that way when we click here I me show you when
we click here it comes down and you can see this is javascript doing that.
But of course we are using bootstrap with this which is a framework.
And that's why bootstrap is using this custom attribute to activate javascript.
But anyway that has nothing to do with why we are doing.
So let's go ahead and replace this with BHB.
I'm separating the words there so that way we have a clear working area.
And basically what I want to do is first we add B tags.
All right.
Let's do that.
I'm just going to do it here because every time I woman was Omar I have a problem with my tax appearing
right here anyways.
So we want to check to see if they use it in that session is available if it's not available.
It will cause an error in our page if we don't check it.
So we are going to be doing that a set functions so make sure that you do it if you want to do it right
now.
You can do it.
Let me just make this a little bigger so you can see it better.
So it's set.
What do we want to check this session right.
Hopefully you got that right.
Session.
And then inside the session we want to check for what user name.
That's correct.
If you got it right.
Good job.
All right.
So now if we said well we want to do is echoey.
Right.
So we're going to echo that session.
So we're just going to grab the session actually and we can just echo it right here.
Do we even have to assign it to a variable.
We can if we wanted to but I'm just going to I quite like this.
So let's go ahead and do that.
Let's check it out and see if it works.
I'm going to delete this Smith and let's go back to it and let's check it out.
I'm going to pull my cursor here click enter and as we can see here is replaced by the recall.
All right.
User name perfit.
So now this is going to be all across our site.
All right.
Perfect.
Looking good.
All right.
Perfect.
So in the next video we're going to be adding some more functionality right.
This was short and sweet.
Thank you so much.
And guys if you are still watching this video see you.
Good job.
This will pay off at the end I promise.
And you know just keep learning and learning keep it up know that you are learning something super special
here.
And for some of you out there that are super happy with these videos please don't forget to review it
if you're already like what you what you see so far.
All right.
So thank you so much.
And I see you in the next lecture.
Take care.